---
title: Steve Jobs A life Remembered 1955-2011Readersdigest.ca takes
url: steve-jobs-a-life-remembered-1955-2011readersdigest-ca-takes
topic: ingles
---


**Steve Jobs: A life Remembered 1955-2011**

Readersdigest.ca takes a look back at Steve Jobs, and his contribution to our digital world.

     CEO. Tech-Guru. Artist. There are few corporate gures as famous and well-regarded as former-Apple CEO Steve Jobs. His list of achievements is staggering, and his contribution to modern technology, digital media, and indeed the world as a whole, cannot be downplayed.

     With his passing on October 5, 2011, readersdigest.ca looks back at some of his greatest achievements, and pays our respects to a digital pioneer who helped pave the way for a generation of technology, and possibilities, few could have imagined.

Disponível em: www.readersdigest.ca. Acesso em: 25 fev. 2012.

Informações sobre pessoas famosas são recorrentes na mídia, divulgadas de forma impressa ou virtualmente. Em relação a Steve Jobs, esse texto propõe



- [ ] expor as maiores conquistas da sua empresa.
- [ ] descrever suas criações na área da tecnologia.
- [x] enaltecer sua contribuição para o mundo digital.
- [ ] lamentar sua ausência na criação de novas tecnologias.
- [ ] discutir o impacto de seu trabalho para a geração digital.


Lê-se no subtítulo do texto “…Steve Jobs, and his contribution to our digital world”; e no segundo parágrafo “…looks back at some of his greatest achievements, and pays our respects to a digital pioneer…”
